Landing page (#128)
avohq/docs: pages/data-design/start-collaborating.mdx

</center>
<br />

> Note that your comments live on the branch you are on when making the comment. Then, when the branhc is merged, they become available on the main branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that your comments live on the branch you are on when making the comment. Then, when the branch is merged, they become available on the main branch. That means all discussions will always be available for future reference.
```
